+++
title = "Filmulator version 0.10.0"
page_template = "blogpage.html"
aliases = ["v0-10-0"]
+++

Now announcing Filmulator version 0.10.0!

The following are the changes since version 0.9.1:

## Processing

* New feature: leveling. Press the new button (or L) to initiate leveling. Select a rotation point for the guide indicators, and then drag about it to rotate. When the cursor is near the guide point, a circle will appear indicating that you can drag it around. Filmulator will remember where you put the rotation point, making it easier to finely adjust the level. Press shift-L or double-click the right mouse button to reset the leveling to zero.
* The 90 degree rotation buttons are now disabled when image isn't fully loaded, also when cropping or leveling.
* When you set the crop area to the full image, it now resets the database to think that it hasn't been cropped at all, so changing the rotation by 90 degrees no longer cuts off the image to maintain aspect ratio if you've decided you don't want to crop the image.

## Import

* Make preset buttons for common import scenarios

## Organize

* Changed "count" to "photos" in the tooltip for the date histogram

## Queue

* Pressing the up or down arrow keys lets you increment the current image's rating up or down by one for one-handed culling.

## General

* Add UI hints explaining how to use the application for new users.
* Add shortcut labels to tooltips for buttons


Builds are available for Linux and Windows, but still no MacOS builds are available at this time. Please get in touch if you can help set up CI for MacOS builds.

# UPDATE 2020-11-22

Version 0.10.0 was discovered to have a bug when initializing the database for first-time users, breaking all image processing. If this happened to you, delete your database, which on Linux is `~/.local/share/filmulator/filmulatorDB` and on Windows is `C:\Users\<USER>\AppData\Local\filmulator\filmulatordb`, then run version 0.10.1.

Downloads:

* [Filmulator v0.10.1 Linux AppImage](https://github.com/CarVac/filmulator-gui/releases/download/v0.10.1/Filmulator_v0.10.1.AppImage)
* [Filmulator v0.10.1 Windows Installer](https://github.com/CarVac/filmulator-gui/releases/download/v0.10.1/Filmulator_v0.10.1.exe)

You can discuss the release [here on our official forum](https://discuss.pixls.us/t/filmulator-v0-10-0-released/21420) or [on our subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Filmulator/).
