+++
title = "Filmulator version 0.11.0"
page_template = "blogpage.html"
aliases = ["v0.11.0"]
+++

Now announcing Filmulator version 0.11.0!

## Filmulate

* Filmulator now properly handles cameras where whitepoint varies according to the set ISO. To benefit from this, go to the Settings tab and tell Filmulator to download the latest camera constants.
* The auto CA correction now loads properly for manual lenses on selecting an image.
* Reduce Memory Usage now works correctly when quick preview is on.

## Import

* The file selection for import no longer needs the text box cleared in between uses.
* Files that match the name filters but cannot be processed (weird DNGs especially) are now properly ignored when importing.

## Organize

* The Organize view now defaults to the current day upon opening.
* When on the Organize tab, pressing left/right switches the currently selected day, and holding shift will let you select multiple days.

## Queue
* Double-clicking on an image in the queue now brings you directly to the Filmulate tab if you weren't already there.
* When an image is right-clicked, the rating shortcuts apply to that image instead of the image currently open for editing.

## General

* ARM AArch64 builds are now possible, but no premade builds are available at this time.
* The version number can now be seen at the bottom right corner of the Settings tab.


Builds are available for Linux and Windows, but still no MacOS builds are available at this time. Please get in touch if you can help set up CI for MacOS builds.

Downloads:

* [Filmulator v0.11.0 Linux AppImage](https://github.com/CarVac/filmulator-gui/releases/download/v0.11.0/Filmulator_v0.11.0.AppImage)
* [Filmulator v0.11.0 Windows Installer](https://github.com/CarVac/filmulator-gui/releases/download/v0.11.0/Filmulator_v0.11.0.exe)

You can discuss the release [here on our official forum](https://discuss.pixls.us/t/filmulator-v0-11-0-released/22944) or [on our subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Filmulator/).
